Per-device touch and tablet config (#1856)
niri-wm/niri: wiki/Configuration:-Input.md

<sup>Since: 0.1.7</sup> When a tablet is not mapped to any output, it will map to the union of all connected outputs, without aspect ratio correction.

> [!TIP]
>
> <sup>Since: next release</sup>
>

> > It is possible to configure specific `tablet` and `touch` devices by name. Any non‑device‑specific settings will apply as a fallback when no matching device‑specific block exists:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is possible to configure specific `tablet` and `touch` devices by name.
> Any non‑device‑specific settings will apply as a fallback when no matching device‑specific block exists.
>
```

> ```kdl
> input {
>     tablet {
>         map-to-output "eDP-1";

> >     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>     }
>
>    // Map this specific tablet to a different output.
```

>     tablet "ELAN9009:00 04F3:2F2A Stylus" {
>         map-to-output "DP-1";
>     }
> 

> >     touch "ELAN9009:00 04F3:2F2A" {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>     // Map this specific touchscreen to DP-1.
>     touch "ELAN9009:00 04F3:2F2A" {
```

>         map-to-output "DP-1";
>     }
> }
> ```

> > The device name is case-insensitive. Device names are taken from libinput and can be found in `libinput list-devices` or `libinput debug-events`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
> The device name is case-insensitive.
> Device names come from libinput; you can find them by running `sudo libinput list-devices` or `sudo libinput debug-events`.
```
